Harbourmaster
=============

## Opening

So, let's see--

> Shadow is dispatched by Ghost.

What was that for?

> Ghost holds up a sign saying "This one's mine" and hands the Shadow a script.

Aaaaah, Harbourmaster, okay, that explains it.

## Intro Card

> The Shadow is in front of a computer next to Tal.

Let me show you this wonderful website called Archive of Our Own...

## Pitch

Welcome to the Archives, wherein I ramble about my preferred medium, the
webcomic.  Today's experiment is Harbourmaster, from Wayward Martian Graphics.
It's about politics. This is your cue to head for the hills.

> There is a noticeable pause.

Okay, now that the shouting match is out of the way, yes, it's about politics
but in a ...good way. It's a setting where cooler heads prevail and the scope
is small enough that a lot of the ugliness is gone from the simple virtue that
_[singing] everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came._ ...I
should watch _Cheers_ one of these days.

Anyway, so the basic setup is that a great leader known as Partasah suddenly
carks it and in his place is Tal Monteblanc. Why this former aristocrat got
picked instead of, y'know, his own _kid_, is a riddle for the ages, but this is
the setup for Tal and the aforementioned kid, Gilou, to get to know each other.
And no, this isn't a romance, I'm pretty sure Tal himself would be the first to
complain if his story wound up being a romance. Dude's ace as heck.

## Recap

TBD

## Thoughts

So, let's talk site design. Harbourmaster is kind of weird in that there is a
lack of space for author comments, which is a tradition for most webcomics,
only adding additional text to translate the French and IPA that appear in
Richard's introductory chapter. It also has a noticable _bug_ wherein the
HTML improperly recognizes which is the last page, so I found I had caught up,
not by the lack of a next arrow, not by the lack of a _clickable_ next arrow,
not by a visit to the front page, but by a 500 error. _Oops._

What about the RSS feed? It's, uh, _not good_. About the nicest thing I could
say about it is that it has a decent chunk of backlog: ten pages. What's wrong
with it? Well, the feed entries are, uh, _not there_. No trace of actual comic
pages, no notes that the comic has updated, just the bare minimum link. There's
also no date, which is only alleviated from the fact that the comic pages
themselves add a date in the signature. This might be one of the most useless
feeds in my feed reader. And no, I don't care if nobody else notices this, it
bothers _me_.

So, a lot of the fantasy here is political in nature, both in the sense that it
deals very heavy with intergalactic politics in its themes, but also in that
the politics being _featured_ are a fantasy as well, in the same way that
Ankh-Morpork is a fantasy. It cuts out a lot of the ugliness that makes modern
day politics a chore to follow: the scope is small, the power structures are
tiny enough that corruption isn't much of a _thing_, and it all just comes off
as _reasonable_.

Which is why I can't stand Veras and anything to do with it, because it throws
all that niceness out the window.

As for the characters, I relate to Tal. Not in the pleasant way but in the "I'm
in this picture and I don't like it" way far too often.

> Cue picture of Shadow dressing themself like Tal, while Tal looks on bemused.

Gilou is a nice fellow.
