Sector 147 was an interesting one. The original generation had a number of free
thinkers on it who had interesting ideas about expressing the human body.
Generations later, this resulted in a sector with notably loose relations
around intimacy, where time in bed was considered just as valuable a currency
as any other. The textures that oft get cut to frame one's body very often went
to sector 148 where the women, and with an increasing frequency the men, wore
veils in the name of meeting a high price of modesty. This is generally
credited as the reason for sector 148 developing a thriving textile industry
and some very stunning and beautiful designs. Funny how that works out.

The governor of 147 was of course aware of this reputation and would often
receive calls from the governors of other sectors to swap duties. This was very
often a call to exclude that governor from conversation, as this almost always
meant a rookie or a governor who did not properly respect the duties that came
with the mask. Which is perhaps why the mask of 147 had been modified to cover
more of the face than other sectors deemed warranted.

Of course, every sector has its exceptions and like so many other sectors, the
most prominent of these exceptions was the noble, who clung very tightly to a
set of standards that had otherwise died with the rest of the forsaken world
when the _Atlas_ had originally set off. This was frequently a source of
derision amongst the sector and 147 was no stranger to this. After all, it is a
natural response to a fellow telling you your way of life is inherently wrong
for reasons that are no stronger than saying that things are just like that,
when the counterexamples outweighed those that supposedly followed the rule.

All of this was painfully obvious to the noble's _daughter_, who was given the
very not subtle name of Virginia. Her father thought it symbolized a great
virtue. Virginia thought it made her seem painfully naive. She was a sheltered
girl, what with the noble trying his very hardest to impress a woefully
antiquated lifestyle on her. She hadn't ventured very far outside of her
dwelling but she had the general idea that the set of rules being passed down
upon her weren't very popular from the way that the noble was so _insistent_
upon it. How chastity was the ultimate virtue was a lesson that she had been
taught enough times to recite it purely from memory.

This was all well and good for a certain definition of well and good, but the
day had come when Virginia needed a mate, which would necessarily have to come
from the other people aboard Sector 147. This would be her first time
interacting with the people that actually lived the life expected of this
sector, which Virginia thought would be a refreshing change of pace.

She was not expecting to already be on a date. With a woman. Dressed like
_that_. Still, Virginia was taught to be polite. "Hello, there, miss..."

"It's An, serial code 5939. And judging from the way you're dressed, you're
either medical and know better or you're a noble and _think_ you do. What's
your serial?" An is staring at Virginia's chest, trying to get a look, mainly
out of instinct. After she sees the girl instinctively tuck herself away, she
concludes "Noble's kid, aren't you?"

Virginia quietly nods. The discomfort is ...very present on her face. Her mind
is trying to avoid a death by culture shock and by the looks of it, she isn't
winning.

---

Notes:
- This is a stupid idea that I wrote down to get out of my head, okay?
