The Certainties of Life
-----------------------
The _Atlas_ is a place of great hope. It has sailed across the stars for
generations. The people aboard it now were ages from being born when it set off
and will be long dead when it lands. It is a generation ship, designed to hold
the remnants of a species that made poor use of what it had in the hopes that
one day it will be better. Whether it is succeeding is up for debate and
largely irrelevant to the matter at hand. For, now the question is merely
whether the _Atlas_ itself is fit to hold the people it contains. Each day, the
governors of the various sectors of the ship question this, their life choices
and the maintainers of life aboard the holy starship.

When the holy starship set forth, the ship was split into what were dubbed 
sectors, each representing a pocket of real estate within the holy starship.
Each sector was designated a governor and a noble. The noble was given a great
wealth and told to be merry and helpful. The governor was given a hundred odd
strangers, a fixed amount of property, and a mask to represent their title and
told not to screw everything up. Naturally one job was seen as infinitely more
preferable than the other.

---

The governor was overworked. This was not news. Not here, not in any sector.
What made this sector different was that this governor decided to build an
assistant to fix it. They didn't want to hire a human because well, the matter
at hand is taxes. The governor didn't want to have to deal with a human trying
to skew things. Funds were needed to get things done and the governor didn't
trust a human to do a job like this without needing to arrange anything. There
were enough cheap resources to build a small robot that could handle this
automatically. It's not a job that requires human intelligence; computer
intelligence would get the job done.

This was what the governor thought. The governor was terribly wrong.

---

Notes:
- The main plot is about taxes. A small little robot has been assigned to do
the taxes and makes a mistake: it has asked the noble to pay up. This goes
very bad.
- Characters:
    - The governor: essentially the straight man in this situation, who has
    been tasked with making sure nobody sets anybody else on fire. They exist
    to keep the order and it is very clearly weighing on them.
    - The tax bot: created to give the governor less to do. It's just a number
    cruncher, can't be that bad, right? Right up until it sees "oh, this Noble
    fellow isn't paying their taxes" and decides "this will be an easy fix".
    Which it _technically_ is, but with consequences that this tax bot can't
    really fathom. It's computer smart, but not very human smart; it has a low
    Wisdom score, so to speak. So it doesn't understand the _social_
    consequences of what it's doing. Those consequences blowing up are the main
    driver of the plot.
    - The noble: an aristocrat that just had his wealth challenged. He is very
    fussy about it and _demands_ that it get fixed. It probably won't because
    of the questionable ethics of aristocracy. Who knows?
