# NaNoWriMo 2023

Let me tell you about the biggest mistake I ever made. It was an average day. I
was bored, and going through some webcomic updates. Only place I've ever found
a banner ad worth clicking on. Found some excellent comics that way. This time,
I found one that looked like it was gonna be some demonic madness sort of
story. Not exactly my thing, but the visual was striking, if for some of the
wrong reasons. (Seriously, who goes outside looking like _that?_)

I gave it a click and was met with a warning screen. That was a new one. There
was a message about taking my chance to create something new, and a requirement
that I was an adult so in my face I almost got the feeling the author was
embarassed about something. I skimmed over it, assuming it was an odd form of
content warning, and clicked through. "We thank you for joining us." The page
was otherwise blank. What a ripoff.

And then I heard voices. "So, you're the one to accept."

I turned around. I see six people that _definitely_ weren't there a few moments
ago. I can't help but notice what they were wearing. It's like each of them was
trying to make me stare at their crotch. I wanted to gag. Badly. "I'm sorry,
who are you and how did you get in here?"

"We're the people you summoned. You did remember to read the contract, yes? 
This world is dying and we're looking for somebody to give us the seed to plant
the new one."

"And you didn't find a gardener because...?"

"The _metaphorical_ kind of seed, dear." It then struck me exactly _why_ that
warning (contract?) was so insistent I was of age. Why they were dressed like
_that_.

I replied quickly. "No, I'm not interested."

"Then we will _make_ you interested. We do not have the time for you to simply
say _no_, dear."

So I punched them in the face. A different one of the six happily said "Ooh, I
like this one!"

"You be quiet. I'm not putting up with this. I am _not. Interested._" I pointed
to the door. "Leave. Please."

The second one to speak shoves everybody else into, no _through_ the wall and
tries to speak to me personally. "So, hi, I'm Kyl. Gender is some sort of
fleshy creature. They/them. We're incubi, one of the two kinds of servants of
the Goddess of Life. Why is it always a goddess, anyway?"

"You are going to respect my personal space, right?" I start brandishing my
fist.

"Oh yeah, don't worry, kid." Kyl pauses. "You got a name, kid?"

"Carson."

"Don't worry, Carson. As much as the contract is important, watching those
weirdoes throw a hissy fit because their perfect plan is falling apart is much
more important. To me."

"So, why should I care? Why should I believe you that the world is dying, that
you're some magical creature, and that only I have what it takes to fulfill
your stupid prophecy or whatever?"

"Well, number one, per the terms of the contract, you're the only one on this
plane we can physically interact with. You remember how I threw them through a
wall earlier? Yeah, we don't really _exist_, you see."

"I'm hallucinating."

"Nah, I've seen people hallucinate. Fun to watch. Anyway, here's the important
thing, kid: this sucks just as much for _us_ as it does for you. Now, I'm
content to just sit and watch for right now, but ah, the other five are gonna
go mad. So you might want some popcorn."

It takes me a few moments to notice that there's a fresh box of popcorn in
their hand. _Huh._ "So, what, you can't get out of this either?"

"Nope, mission from the boss. One of us needs to bear eventually, and they
don't want us attracting attention. Apparently this whole thing is under wraps.
Honestly, whole thing is _kind_ of a bad idea, y'know."

I groan very loudly. "***Yes.***"

"So what did you do with the rest of those weirdos?"

"Oh they're busy arguing over who gets to be the savior of this planet and who
gets the illustrious job of reporting back to the boss that the deed is done
and that we'll get a new thriving planet as soon as we come to bear."

"Some duty."

"Eh, it's better than our usual jobs. Usually we're stuck serving prayers to
continue a bloodline by people who find themselves infertile or something. Boss
says it's our job to bring life to where it cannot grow. It's why we're
incubi."

"Wait, there's a difference?"

"Yeah, you people did a bang-up job of communicating just what we are. Succubi
are something else. They put things in you, you put things in us."

I revolted for a moment. Kyl just laughed. "Geez, what a Puritan."

"Look, I'm ace. The revulsed variety. I... don't like talking about this stuff,
okay? It makes me uncomfortable."

"Kid, it's our jobs, our reason to be. We don't got much else to talk about."

This was gonna be _painful._ "Why did you make such an asinine contract in the
first place? Were you just _hoping_ you'd find somebody willing?"

"Uh, yeah, how it usually works for us. Then again, finding the people usually
ain't our responsibility."

"And look where you are now."

"Got a point there, kid. But at the end of the day, we're both stuck. So what
are you gonna do, kid?"

"Hoping I can just ignore you..."

"With _their_ personalities? It's a miracle I've managed to get the time to
talk to you in peace. We take our jobs seriously, kid, and right now, you are
getting in the way of that."

"And I want nothing to do with anything you have to say or do! I just want to
get back to reading."

Kyl snorts a bit. _Great._ "Likely not happening kid."

I get fed up with this and open the door to the hallway. I notice the other
five are still outside and making a rather noticeable fuss. There's notes tied
up with string spanning almost the entire wall and the shouting is extremely
overwhelming. I quickly slam the door and return to Kyl. "So _that_" I say,
gesturing to the door, "is not going to stop until I get this done?"

"Nope!"

"And there's no swapping for somebody more willing."

"You can try to make somebody else aware of us, but that usually doesn't work."

"Why in the name of all things reasonable would you do it like that?"

"Customer protection, mostly. A lot of our customers are people who desperately
need a gift or are close to dying out. ...you don't wanna know about the last
kid I had to help raise. Oooooooh boy that was fun."

"So this is my life now."

"Yeah, pretty much."

I screamed. Loudly. One of them poked their head through the wall, then pulled
it back out. I'm never going to get peace for the rest of my life, huh?

I check the scene outside. The door is only open just a crack. I'm hoping that
will be enough to remain unnoticed by... well those weirdoes, because I know I
desperately don't want all that focus. They were still going out there, talking
over one another like it was a political debate on live TV. I heard various
things about the future, what the natural state of things should be, and what
to do with the plan now that it's gone so terribly south.

It's a few moments before one of them notices me. I make a small yelp and shut
the door. Kyl emits a small giggle. Good to know I have such wonderful company
for what, the rest of my life?

Unfortunately one of them pops through the wall to speak to me. "Are you ready
to make the choice?"

"No? I don't _want_ to make the choice, I'm not interested!"

"I am afraid that it is too late to be 'not interested', sire. We should at
least make our case before you decide to forsake us all."

I turn to Kyl. "They _do_ teach you about asexuality, right? _Right?_"

The intruder raises a curious eyebrow. Kyl shakes their head with a laugh. Oh
@#$% me. (Actually, please don't, that'd be kind of illegal.)

"But you read the contract, did you not?"

"I skimmed over it, I thought it was a content warning!"

"A what?"

"So I take it none of you did research on modern humans?"

Kyl snorts. "Nah, we did plenty of research. We learned a lot about the sort of
things you people find pretty nowadays. Our diversity has been steadily
increasing because of that. It's fun, more people to see back at base."

"Lovely."

"It is!"

"Who are you and what do you even _want_ from me?" I plead.

"My name is Alinar. I want to make you a king of great power to lead us into a
new era. But first we need to produce that new era." He gives me an
...discomforting look towards my privates.

"Could you not?"

"Why not? You have an honorable duty to fulfill and I wish to assist."

"_I_ wish for you to leave me alone. I just want to be left alone!"

Alinar just kind of stares at me. That's... not helping. "Do you not want for
power? For respect?"

"Respect is nice. And part of respect is accepting when I tell you ***no***.
It's not that hard, good grief. Please leave me alone."

"I'm afraid I cannot do that. I have a duty to perform. It would behoove you to
cooperate with us. It will not cost you anything."

"Yes it will. It will cost me my dignity, for one... Please, just go, I beg of
you."

"I cannot, sir. It is the terms of the contract."

Kyl giggles. "We're divine-types, kid. You'd have to do an epic quest to break
a divine contract."

I _immediately_ whip out my phone and start making searches. It is a _darn_
shame that I'm getting mostly spam, irrelevant, or made by somebody with a few
screws missing. Looking up "incubus removal" gets unfortunately similar
results. "Kyl, would you mind finding one of those for me? I'd really
appreciate it, more than what that creep is offering me."

"Don't call my coworker a _creep_. And I might be able to see what I can do..."
Kyl replies. They shove Alinar through the wall and make a spreading motion
with their hands. "Let's see here, divine chores... what do we have that we can
leave up to a frustrated mortal..."

A few moments later, they look at me. "How's a trip to Japan sound?"

"Pretty bad? I don't have a passport, a way of getting there, or the ability to
speak the local language?"

"We can fix the first two. I'll see about getting you up to speed on the third.
That sound okay?"
