# NaNoWriMo 2023

Let me tell you about the biggest mistake I ever made. It was an average day. I
was bored, and going through some webcomic updates. Only place I've ever found
a banner ad worth clicking on. Found some excellent comics that way. This time,
I found one that looked like it was gonna be some demonic madness sort of
story. Not exactly my thing, but the visual was striking, if for some of the
wrong reasons. (Seriously, who goes outside looking like _that?_)

I gave it a click and was met with a warning screen. That was a new one. There
was a message about taking my chance to create something new, and a requirement
that I was an adult so in my face I almost got the feeling the author was
embarassed about something. I skimmed over it, assuming it was an odd form of
content warning, and clicked through. "We thank you for joining us." The page
was otherwise blank. What a ripoff.

And then I heard voices. "So, you're the one to accept."

I turned around. I see six people that _definitely_ weren't there a few moments
ago. I can't help but notice what they were wearing. It's like each of them was
trying to make me stare at their crotch. I wanted to gag. Badly. "I'm sorry,
who are you and how did you get in here?"

"We're the people you summoned. You did remember to read the contract, yes? 
This world is dying and we're looking for somebody to give us the seed to plant
the new one."

"And you didn't find a gardener because...?"

"The _metaphorical_ kind of seed, dear." It then struck me exactly _why_ that
warning (contract?) was so insistent I was of age. Why they were dressed like
_that_.

I replied quickly. "No, I'm not interested."

"Then we will _make_ you interested. We do not have the time for you to simply
say _no_, dear."

So I punched them in the face. A different one of the six happily said "Ooh, I
like this one!"

"You be quiet. I'm not putting up with this. I am _not. Interested._" I pointed
to the door. "Leave. Please."

The second one to speak shoves everybody else into, no _through_ the wall and
tries to speak to me personally. "So, hi, I'm Kyl. Gender is some sort of
fleshy creature. We're incubi, one of the two kinds of servants of the Goddess
of Life. Why is it always a goddess, anyway?"

"You are going to respect my personal space, right?" I start brandishing my
fist.

"Oh yeah, don't worry, kid." Kyl pauses. "You got a name, kid?"

"Carson."

"Don't worry, Carson. As much as the contract is important, watching those
weirdoes throw a hissy fit because their perfect plan is falling apart is much
more important. To me."

"So, why should I care? Why should I believe you that the world is dying, that
you're some magical creature, and that only I have what it takes to fulfill
your stupid prophecy or whatever?"

"Well, number one, per the terms of the contract, you're the only one on this
plane we can physically interact with. You remember how I threw them through a
wall earlier? Yeah, we don't really _exist_, you see."

"I'm hallucinating."

"Nah, I've seen people hallucinate. Fun to watch. Anyway, here's the important
thing, kid: this sucks just as much for _us_ as it does for you. Now, I'm
content to just sit and watch for right now, but ah, the other five are gonna
go mad. So you might want some popcorn."

It takes me a few moments to notice that there's a fresh box of popcorn in
their hand. _Huh._ "So, what, you can't get out of this either?"

"Nope, mission from the boss. One of us needs to bear eventually, and they
don't want us attracting attention. Apparently this whole thing is under wraps.
Honestly, whole thing is _kind_ of a bad idea, y'know."

I groan very loudly. "***Yes.***"

"So what did you do with the rest of those weirdos?"

"Oh they're busy arguing over who gets to be the savior of this planet and who
gets the illustrious job of reporting back to the boss that the deed is done
and that we'll get a new thriving planet as soon as we come to bear."

"Some duty."

"Eh, it's better than our usual jobs. Usually we're stuck serving prayers to
continue a bloodline by people who find themselves infertile or something. Boss
says it's our job to bring life to where it cannot grow. It's why we're
incubi."

"Wait, there's a difference?"

"Yeah, you people did a bang-up job of communicating just what we are. Succubi
are something else. They put things in you, you put things in us."

I revolted for a moment. Kyl just laughed. "Geez, what a Puritan."

"Look, I'm ace. The revulsed variety. I... don't like talking about this stuff,
okay? It makes me uncomfortable."

"Kid, it's our jobs, our reason to be. We don't got much else to talk about."

This was gonna be _painful._ "Why did you make such an asinine contract in the
first place? Were you just _hoping_ you'd find somebody willing?"

"Uh, yeah, how it usually works for us. Then again, finding the people usually
ain't our responsibility."

"And look where you are now."

"Got a point there, kid."
