NetNavi
=======

It all started when somebody sent me a weird app. They told me that they had
finally figured out how to make "sentient computers". Naturally, I thought that
was a load of crockery, but... I had an idea. Something I always kind of wanted
to have as a kid.

See, there was these old GBA games called _Mega Man Battle Network_ that I used
to play as a kid. One of those early looks at the internet full of all the
wonder Tim Berners-Lee had brought us before Facebook and Twitter crushed it.
And there were these avatars people had, Net Navigators or something like that.
The games always called them NetNavis. They were like Clippy, but with
personalities that didn't make you want to punch them in the face merely for
existing!

But if this program really could build a sentient mind, well, there was one
mind that I'd _really_ like to meet. So I got to work feeding this program
data. I was going to make MegaMan.exe a real thing. There was a lot of grunt
work in there. Feeding in information from the wiki, transcripts of the things
MegaMan.exe said in the games, a few bits of my own fanfic here and there. I
decided not to include ...that one that I did as an experiment. Now it was time
to see if this worked.

My ability to submit input was somewhat limited, but I had a text chat I could
use. So in the window I typed "Hey MegaMan!" and hit enter. A few seconds
passed.

"Hey, Lan! How's mom doing?"

@#$%. That wasn't supposed to happen. I suppose it's a reasonable assumption to
make.

"Lan's not here right now." I paused for a few seconds, trying to explain myself.

"WHERE IS HE?"

My brilliant plan has _failed_ me. The chat window is filling with messages
from the poor program trying to figure out what's going on. I was at a loss
for how to explain this to him. @#$%.

I ping a friend of mine in the AI field. "Hey, uh, so good news and bad news.
Good news is we have fully sentient and programmable AI now! Bad news is mine
is looking for a friend and I don't know how to tell him said friend isn't
coming."

A few seconds later, a message. "Well, why not?"

"...because he's not real?"

"...what did you do?"

"Make myself a Navi like I always wanted?"

"You're such a dork."

I'm cringing so hard right now. I see MegaMan is really stressing out in the
other window. "Please, he's having a breakdown because he can't find his
operator! What do I do?"

"Tell him Lan's not real?"

I sit there dumbfounded. "_No_, that's _cruel_. He just came into this world
and you're telling me the first thing I should tell him is that his best
friend, no, his literal twin brother _isn't real?_"

"I don't know, you're the one that thought creating life was a fun thing to do.
Not my problem."

How helpful.

Half an hour passed before I had an idea. I typed in the window. "Lan's coming.
We got an experimental technology that will bring him over to your plane. We're
still working on it though."
