001: The Holy Starship
======================

The _Atlas_ is a place of great hope. It has sailed across the stars for
generations. The people aboard it now were ages from being born when it set off
and will be long dead when it lands. It is a generation ship, designed to hold
the remnants of a species that made poor use of what it had in the hopes that
one day it will be better. Whether it is succeeding is up for debate and
largely irrelevant to the matter at hand. For, now the question is merely
whether the _Atlas_ itself is fit to hold the people it contains. Each day, the
governors of the various sectors of the ship question this, their life choices
and the maintainers of life aboard the holy starship.

When the holy starship set forth, the ship was split into what were dubbed 
sectors, each representing a pocket of real estate within the holy starship.
Each sector was designated a governor and a noble. The noble was given a great
wealth and told to be merry and helpful. The governor was given a hundred odd
strangers, a fixed amount of property, and a mask to represent their title and
told not to screw everything up. Naturally one job was seen as infinitely more
preferable than the other.

Of course, the decision of who gets placed in which sector was almost entirely
arbitrary, which naturally can have some pretty interesting, pretty amusing,
and pretty _dire_ effects. Some of the first governors were sacked when it was
proven they could not govern. Many of the nobles were ignored or mistreated.
And then there's what happened in sector 001...

You see, for a lot of people, being told you are number one is a pretty big
thing. Obviously you were picked for a good reason, and not because the machine
had to put somebody there. Obviously you were 001 because you were picked to
lead the expedition and not because that's simply where the counting started.
Obviously you were going to be first to leave when the _Atlas_ landed and not
whomever maintenance can reach first. Obviously you _were_ going to land, and
not waste your time preparing for an event that would never come.

Right?

It's at this point that a lot of the reasoning behind cult that has overtaken
Sector 001 becomes obvious and almost reasonable. Big "almost" there, though.
