The Certainties of Life
-----------------------
The _Atlas_ is a place of great hope. It has sailed across the stars for
generations. The people aboard it now were ages from being born when it set off
and will be long dead when it lands. It is a generation ship, designed to hold
the remnants of a species that made poor use of what it had in the hopes that
one day it will be better. Whether it is succeeding is up for debate and
largely irrelevant to the matter at hand. For, now the question is merely
whether the _Atlas_ itself is fit to hold the people it contains. Each day, the
governors of the various sectors of the ship question this, their life choices
and the maintainers of life aboard the holy starship.

When the holy starship set forth, the ship was split into what were dubbed 
sectors, each representing a pocket of real estate within the holy starship.
Each sector was designated a governor and a noble. The noble was given private
quarters and told to be merry and helpful. The governor was given a hundred odd
strangers, a fixed amount of property, and a mask to represent their title and
told not to screw everything up. Naturally one job was seen as infinitely more
preferable than the other.

---

The governor was overworked. This was not news. Not here, not in any sector.
What made this sector different was that this governor decided to build an
assistant to fix it. They didn't want to hire a human because well, the matter
at hand is taxes. The governor didn't want to have to deal with a human trying
to skew things. Funds were needed to get things done and the governor didn't
trust a human to do a job like this without needing to arrange anything. There
were enough cheap resources to build a small robot that could handle this
automatically. It's not a job that requires human intelligence; computer
intelligence would get the job done.

This was what the governor thought. The governor was terribly wrong.

"Alright, let's see if you're any good. Here's some documents. These are old
and I keep them around for testing, so don't do anything about it, just tell me
if you see anything off, okay?"

The bot whirred and started crunching the numbers. "This person should owe 7707
units of currency!" The governor smiled. They never _did_ find a less stupid
name for their money. _Units_, who thought that one up? All things considered,
probably nobody, and this is what happens when you leave people to come up with
the name on short notice. You don't get something flowery, you don't get
something normal-sounding, you get something _dumb_. Like _units_.

The governor smiled. "Okay, now let's run through some actual data. Serial
number is 9957. Do they owe anything?"

The bot whirred once more. "It would appear we owe them 58 units." The governor
blushed. That will have to be fixed soon. "Would you like me to deposit them
now?"

The governor groaned. "Go ahead. I suppose it wouldn't hurt to have you run
over the rest of the taxes as well. Let's see if you're worth it, little
robot." And with that, the governor went off to work on all of their _other_
innumerable duties.

It wasn't until the next day that the governor noticed their mistake. It was a
_big_ mistake. There was a knock. "Hello there, _governor._ I must have a word
with you."

The governor groaned. "The noble of sector 241 would like to have a _word_ with
you." This was not much of a surprise, but it was unwelcome nonetheless. "It
has come to my attention that a great deal of wealth has been taken from me,
and I would like to know _why_."

The answer introduced itself. "You owe several thousand units in taxes. I have
corrected your error."

The governor and noble replied in unison "Thank you."

The robot in full sincerity responded "You're welcome! The sector will thrive
if we all contribute!"

---

The primary mess hall was busy, as it usually was. The kitchen was on high
alert, the line for meals was still taking about half an hour to get people in
and out, and there were enough customers that the general air of conversation
made a distinct buzz. A buzz that quickly lowered when the doors were violently
opened by a man of the opinion that he was not getting his due respect. The
noble sat down at a decently packed table and continuing grumping, as they had
for several minutes by now.

One of the other patrons shrugged. "Why are _you_ so grumpy today?"

"The _governor_," the noble said with a gratuitous amout of contempt, "has
devised a contraption to rid us of our _money_. I'm losing thousands of units
as we speak!"

"Whoa, that's a lot." "You had that much? ...oh, that's the guy calling himself
a noble?" "Serves ya right."

This was not the sympathy the noble wanted. (Though perhaps it was the sympathy
he had earned.) "It's going to ruin us all! Our governor has no _respect_ for
the people!"

As the noble continued ranting, a small robot entered the space and rolled up
to the table. "Excuse me, citizen, what is your ID number?"

One of the patrons looked down at their uniform. "1381?"

The robot paused for a few seconds. "1381, it would appear that you are owed
371 units in taxes."

The patron seemed pleasantly surprised. The noble less so. "_You..._"

"Wait, are you upset because you got caught not paying taxes?"

The noble did not spend much time at the table after that.

---

Notes:
- The main plot is about taxes. A small little robot has been assigned to do
  the taxes and makes a mistake: it has asked the noble to pay up. This goes
  very bad.
- Characters:
    - The governor: essentially the straight man in this situation, who has
      been tasked with making sure nobody sets anybody else on fire. They exist
      to keep the order and it is very clearly weighing on them.
    - The tax bot: created to give the governor less to do. It's just a number
      cruncher, can't be that bad, right? Right up until it sees "oh, this
      Noble fellow isn't paying their taxes" and decides "this will be an easy
      fix". Which it _technically_ is, but with consequences that this tax bot
      can't really fathom. It's computer smart, but not very human smart; it
      has a low Wisdom score, so to speak. So it doesn't understand the
      _social_ consequences of what it's doing. Those consequences blowing up
      are the main driver of the plot.
    - The noble: an aristocrat that just had his wealth challenged. He is very
      fussy about it and _demands_ that it get fixed. It probably won't because
      of the questionable ethics of aristocracy. Who knows?
