# An Open Hand

It is customary amongst Vai'ren to consider their faith as paying a debt owed
to a distant ancestor, and indeed this reflects in many of the subtler
aspects of their faith. But one of the more noticeable examples of this is how
a vai is expected to come of age. A young vai's last step towards becoming an
adult is to leave their kingdom and make something right. What task is chosen
is a frequent discussion amongst adolescent vai preparing to set out,
especially since for many vai, this will be their first time leaving their home
kingdom.

Gira is one such vai, wearing the welcoming gesture of an open hand upon their
mask, who set out to document a world unknown to their kingdom. And so they
found themself in a dense forest, a far cry from the sandy dunes that made up
their home kingdom. It was a novel sensation for them. Water within arm's reach
no matter where you went. Green and brown dominating the landscape, yet filled
with so many colors. More plant life than they could ever recall back home. And
yet they couldn't shake off the feeling that it wasn't just unfit for humans,
but unfit for vai. This was _Hylian_ territory, but that was why they had set
off here. They were going to do research. They were going to open up more of
the world to their kingdom for knowledge and just maybe, future vai.

Gira's notebook was nearly full at this point, filled with their notes about
the flora and fauna living there. The notes were scattered and unorganized,
and would likely need much deciphering by the time Gira returned home, but
that was a task that could be put off for a good amount of time. At least,
that's what Gira hoped, anyway. The vai was looking forward to the celebration
of their return. They wondered how many of their friends from home were going
to come back successful. There was a rumor that the guards were to turn away
anyone who had not fulfilled their personal debt to clear, though Gira was
pretty sure that was an urban legend. Mostly sure, anyway. Not that it mattered
too much to the vai. After all, there were only a few pages left before they
could return home victorious.

And then Gira saw something curious. Something that they hadn't seen in a good
while: a person. A small child from the looks of it. Fair skinned. Blue eyes.
Yellow hair. This was a _Hylian_, and thus, a threat. Or at least, that's what
their instincts told them. Gira's mentors would have told the vai to leave the
voe alone and seek their own help. But Gira couldn't bring themself to do that.
This was a lost child in need of support. The notes could wait for right now.
Gira was not going to let somebody die like this. They told the child to stay
put while they looked for a parent.

The search was fruitless. The rest of the forest seemed to be mostly wilderness
with the closest to another thinking creature being a fairy or two. Gira didn't
like that. They took a deep breath. They were going to have to take
responsibility over the child. They went back to the spot they had originally
found them and, much to their dismay, could not find them. This moment of shock
was only amplified by a sudden tug on their pant leg. It seems the child
decided to follow them. At least the child was not lost entirely.

Gira attempted to scold the child, and then continued on their quest. They
penned a new note, rather facetiously, about the "human". "This locale is
almost entirely devoid of humans other than myself, though I have found one
exception. Studying the specimen reveals that it shares the Hylian phenotype.
More research is needed." The vai smiled behind their mask and put the notes
away. The sunlight hadn't faded; they wagered it was still afternoon with a
fair amount of time left in the day. Before venturing onwards, Gira tried to
encourage the child to follow them, though this was proving to be difficult.
The child seemed hesitant, maybe scared. They could understand why: a strange
individual in a dangerous place is easy to identify as a threat. Gira swallowed
before kneeling down and offering their palm. Their fingers were a bit hardened
but the palm was covered by the soft texture of the sleeve of their survival
dress.
